README.md, before:

### Hi there, I am Walid Iguider 👋

and I am a Senior Data Scientist and researcher!

- ⚡️ As a Senior AI Engineer at [FairMind S.R.L.](https://www.fairmind.ai/) I am driving AI innovation with LLMs and Responsible AI.
- 🎓 I hold a PhD in Computer Science from the [University of Cagliari](https://www.unica.it), focusing on Machine Learning, Recommender Systems and Algorithmic Fairness. Have a look at my [research publications](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=2JXOz-kAAAAJ&hl=en&oi=ao) if you'd like to find out more.
- 👨‍💻 I also have a background In Software Engineering.
- 🌐 My experience includes collaborating with international and cross-functional teams in **Emirates**, **France**, **Italy**, **Morocco**, and **Spain**.
- 💬 I am fluent in **Arabic**, **English**, **French**, and **Italian**.

---

If you are interested in more details, check out [my website](https://walidiguider.com)!  


[![Walid's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=wiguider&theme=radical&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) 

[![Walid's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=wiguider&theme=radical&show_icons=true&count_private=true&locale=en&layout=compact)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=wiguider&color=brightgreen)

Commit message:

Revise personal introduction in README
Updated professional title and experience details, including current role as CTO and previous positions.

README.md, after:

### Hi there, I am Walid Iguider 👋
and I am a CTO with a background in Machine Learning, Data Science, and Software Engineering!
- ⚡️ As the CTO at [Neural Factory](https://neuralfactory.it/), I lead technical architecture and AI innovation for manufacturing solutions and conversational analytics.
- 🏭 Currently building AI-powered systems for manufacturing digitization, document processing automation, and multi-agent orchestration using AWS serverless architectures.
- 🚀 Previously, I served as Senior/Lead AI Engineer at [FairMind S.R.L.](https://www.fairmind.ai/), driving AI innovation with LLMs and Responsible AI.
- 🚗 Former Senior Data Scientist at [Stellantis](https://www.stellantis.com/), working on data-driven solutions in the automotive industry.
- 🎓 I hold a PhD in Computer Science from the [University of Cagliari](https://www.unica.it), focusing on Machine Learning, Recommender Systems and Algorithmic Fairness. Have a look at my [research publications](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=2JXOz-kAAAAJ&hl=en&oi=ao) if you'd like to find out more.
- 👨‍💻 I also have a background in Software Engineering and experience with cloud-native architectures.
- 🌐 My experience includes collaborating with international and cross-functional teams in **Emirates**, **France**, **Italy**, **Morocco**, and **Spain**.
- 💬 I am fluent in **Arabic**, **English**, **French**, and **Italian**.

---
If you are interested in more details, check out [my website](https://walidiguider.com)!  

![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=wiguider&color=brightgreen)
